• **Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person.**
	• Repositories, or repos for short, contain metadata that allow developers to track changes made to their projects. This is essential when working with groups of programmers. Creating a depository on GitHub is very simple. Simply navigate to https://github.com/new and name your repository "[username].github.io"
		○ Choose the appropriate settings for your project:
			§ Should it be public or private?
				□ Public repositories allow anyone to view and collaborate with you.
				□ Private repositories are only visible to you, and those you choose to share it with.
			§ What type of license will you need? The type of license you use is dependent on the type of project you're working on. The following website can help you choose what license is right for you: http://choosealicense.com/
		○ Click the "Create Repository" button and voila!
	• In order to make changes to your newly created GitHub repository, you must have a local copy of it on your hard drive. This is done via cloning it. To clone the repository to your hard drive, just open up a Terminal on OSX or a Command Prompt in Windows. 
		○ Type pwd to make sure you're in the correct directory.
			§ It's important that your Terminal isn't already within a repository.
			§ Navigate to a folder where you store projects, such as your Documents folder.
			§ Get the SSH URL form GitHub so that you can point your terminal to retrieve the copy of the repository.
			§ In your terminal, type "git clone URL_THAT_YOU_COPIED"
			§ All done!
• **Describe what open source means.**
	• Open Source is basically social coding: it allows software to be used free of cost, to be shared and to be modified without restriction. This is done through sharing the source code of the software and allowing users to edit it as they see fit. Open Source is not just public access to a project's source code, it also prevents software developers from profiting off their software. This is enforced through the use of licenses.
• **What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?**
	• Open Source allows software the liberty to evolve in an unbiased way and better meet the needs of users without restriction. Even if a developer refused to implement code into their Open Source project, another developer can just copy the source code and fork off into his own iteration of the software. As long as the developer doesn't seek to make a profit from their software, there is no need to be nervous or protective. It's idealistic, but wholly practical and not unrealistic. It is like a utopia in that the intentional parameters of Open Source have led to ideal communities that surround projects, though unlike a utopia (Greek for "no place") in that Open Source is a real thing.
• **Assess the importance of using licenses.**
	• Licenses are an essential component of Open Source projects. Without licenses, it'd be impossible to collaborate on projects. Licenses provide a legal framework on how a software can be developed collaboratively. Licenses act a framework for collaboration. Using licenses can be an incentive to sharing source code, as a developer can still have copyright and/or patent, so proper credit can be given to the original creator. The original creator can also restrict and guide the implementations of other developers in collaborative projects through licenses. There is no need to seek special permissions, as the license provides developers with the limitations they need to be aware of. The most widely used license is the General Public License, which allows users to copy the software, distribute it however they want, charge a fee for distribution, and make whatever modifications users want. 
• **What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?**
	• I finally am getting a better grasp of version control after uploading my html code to GitHub! I also gained a much more in depth understanding of what Open Source is, though I struggled to understand the specifics of the various kinds of licenses. I'm excited to get to learn more about licenses as the time goes one!
• **Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.**
	• The following Git website helped me to better understand what kind of licenses can work for different kinds of projects:
http://choosealicense.com/